Update 20230122-revisiting-storage-fee.md (#181)
onflow/flips: governance/20230122-revisiting-storage-fee.md

5. **Can users swap USDC to FLOW on platforms like [Increment.fi](http://increment.fi/) to add FLOW to their accounts?**
    
    No, once again - users cannot self-top their accounts. Only third-party payers can add FLOW to accounts below the minimum.
    
6. **Who bears the increased costs - the user or the dApp?**
    
    Increased account creation costs would be borne by those paying for new accounts today, aka the dApps, exchanges, wallets, etc. Before the change goes into effect however, Flow Foundation would work with partners to determine the resources and support needed to ensure a smooth transition.
    
7. **How straightforward is the account replenishment process? Can dApps/wallets independently manage it?**
    
    The ease of the account replenishment procedure can vary among partners, based on their familiarity and background in developing on Flow. However, the Flow Foundation is dedicated to collaborating with partners to identify the necessary resources and assistance required for a seamless transition, aiming to mitigate any disruption for end users. Moreover, ample advance notice regarding this alteration will be given; it will not be an overnight switch.
    

> 8. **Could an increase in failed transactions pose a problem?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. **Won't this change result in a substantial increase in the number of transactions that fail?**
```

>     I am aware that this is a breaking change, and might result in specific transactions failing, particularly if dApps do not handle the process of account replenishment. However, this challenge will dissipate as dApps top-up the accounts with the required balances. Additionally, note that this challenge is not primarily linked to the alteration in storage fees, but rather pertains to an existing vulnerabilities within dApps - transactions can fail due to a variety of reasons even today, irrespective of these changes. Thus, as long as all parties exceed the minimum requirement, the occurrence of transaction failures should not increase or cause additional problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    I am aware that this is a breaking change, and might result in specific transactions failing, particularly if dApps do not handle the process of account replenishment. However, this challenge will dissipate as dApps top-up the accounts with the required balances. Additionally, note that this challenge is not primarily linked to the alteration in storage fees, but rather pertains to an existing vulnerabilities within dApps - transactions can fail due to a variety of reasons even today, irrespective of these changes. Thus, as long as all parties meet the minimum requirement, transaction failures should not increase or cause additional problems.
```
